README.md, before:

=== Conzent - Cookie Banner - Conzent CMP - Google CMP & IAB TCF Certified ===
Contributors: conzent
Donate link: https://conzent.net/ 
Tags: GDPR, CCPA, cookie notice, DSGVO, cookie consent, cookie banner, eu cookie law, conzent, eprivacy, gdpr consent
Requires at least: 5.0.0
Tested up to: 6.6
Requires PHP: 5.6
Stable tag: 1.0.4
License: GPLv3
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html

Easily set up cookie banner or cookie notice and cookie policy page for GDPR (DSGVO, RGPD) compliance. Also supports CCPA/CPRA and other major global laws.

== Description ==

Conzent CMP WordPress Cookie Banner and Cookie Policy generator. IAB/TCF and Google CMP Certified - Comply with the major data protection laws (GDPR, ePrivacy, CCPA, LGPD, etc.)

== 3rd. party services == 
When using the Conzent CMP Plugin you will communicate with our backend, where you will need to create an account. Its also here that you will make all layout, text and color changes. All your settings are placed in 2 seperate JSON files, that our script reads. That script uses your settings and configuration to handle the consent banner.
We do not send or recieve any personal information. the only thing we send is your domain name and the Website key that you enter in the plugin.
You can find our website here https://conzent.net and the privacy policy here: https://conzent.net/privacy/

We also make it easy for you to use Google Tag Manager. So the only thing you need to do is to copy the GTM-xxxxxx tag from your GTM Container and we insert the same script as Google would on your website. It cannot get any easier. Also we load GTM as soon as possible so that consent is secure.
For google see their website here https://tagmanager.google.com and their privacy policy here https://policies.google.com/privacy?gl=DK&hl=en-US

== Key Features == 

– **Automatic scanning**: Single-click automatic scanning and categorization of cookies.

– **Cookie auto-blocking**: Automatically block non-essential cookies to ensure GDPR compliance.

– **Cookie list**: This lets you display the list of cookies neatly in a table on your Privacy & Cookies Policy page by using a shortcode. You can also add new cookies manually, edit existing ones (CookieID, Category, Description, Script URL Pattern), and delete cookies as needed.

– **Preference center**: Offer a second layer of control through a preference center within the banner. Allow site visitors to provide granular consent for specific cookie categories, giving them the choice to opt in or opt-out.

– **Revisit consent button**: Visitors can either permanently dismiss the cookie banner or access it later through a revisit consent button, which can be tailored in terms of color and position.

– **Google Consent Mode support**: Implement Google Consent Mode v2 easily to keep ads effective.

– **Auto-translation**: Auto-translate the banner in 30+ languages as per the user’s browser language.

– **Integration with Conzent Web App**: Free connection with Conzent web app to access advanced features (cookie scan, consent log, etc.) and manage all settings from the web app account.



== Additional Features == 




== The Conzent GDPR Cookie Consent Plugin Uses The Following Cookie Only ==

– "conzentConsent" – Conzent sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on their subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information of the site visitors.


== Setup Guide ==

Our [WordPress cookie plugin user guide](https://conzent.net/installation-guide/#plugins "Help - Installation Guide") will help you set up the plugin on your website.


== Useful links ==

[Plugin FAQ](https://conzent.net/pricing/#faq)
[GDPR cookie consent](https://conzent.net/understanding-gdpr-in-a-nutshell/)
[Cookie Law](https://conzent.net/the-complete-guide-to-ccpa-compliance/)
[Cookie banner guide](https://conzent.net/the-complete-guide-to-cookie-banners/)

== Conzent Cookie banner plugin premium features ==

Access the following features by subscribing to a premium plan (Single, Pro, or Enterprise) on the Conzent web app account. [See all features and compare plans](https://conzent.net/pricing/)

&#9989; **Increased pageviews limit**: Increase your pageviews limit, extending from 100,000 to unlimited.
&#9989; **Enhanced scanning capacity**: Our tool can scan up to 8,000 pages in a single scan.
&#9989; **GDPR/US laws template**: Offer opt-in consent banner for GDPR and opt-out banner for US privacy laws such as CCPA/CPRA.
&#9989; **Global Privacy Control**: Respect the user’s GPC setting if enabled.
&#9989; **TCF v2.2 integration**: We seamlessly integrate with TCF v2.2, the IAB Europe Consent Framework for Publishers. Our registered CMP ID is 401.
&#9989; **Advanced customization**: Customize your banner with advanced design options such as custom CSS to suit your brand's identity.
&#9989; **Popup layout**: Add a cookie notification in the form of a ‘Popup’. 
&#9989; **Geo-targeting banner**: Target your cookie banner based on location, including GDPR banner for Worldwide, EU & UK, and Other countries, as well as CCPA/CPRA banner for Worldwide, United States, and Other countries. 
&#9989; **Scheduled scans**: Set up scans on a schedule that works for you. 
&#9989; **Custom branding**: Add your brand logo to the cookie banner for a personalized touch. 

= NOTE: INSTALLING THIS PLUGIN ALONE DOES NOT MAKE YOUR SITE GDPR AND CCPA COMPLIANT. SINCE EACH SITE USES DIFFERENT COOKIES, YOU NEED TO ENSURE YOU HAVE THE NECESSARY CONFIGURATIONS IN PLACE WITH A SUPPORTING COOKIE NOTICE. = 


== Frequently Asked Questions ==

= The cookie notice header doesn’t work on my browser =
Please report a bug on the support forum. Make sure to include the following information:

* Your URL (We need it to help you!)
* WordPress version (found in the bottom right-hand corner of the dashboard)
* Browser where the issue is observed (e.g., Firefox, Chrome, IE)
* Describe the problem. The more information you provide, the faster we can respond.


= What does this plugin do? =
This WordPress cookie plugin will:

* Add a cookie banner to the top/bottom of all pages on your website, notifying visitors that you have a clearly defined privacy and cookie policy.
* Allow you to record which cookies your site uses and neatly display a list of these cookies. You can add this list to your Privacy Policy page or Cookie Policy page using a shortcode.
Note: If you connect your site to the Conzent web app, you have to replace the shortcode with an HTML code.

= What is a cookie notice? =
A cookie notice, also known as a cookie banner, is a message informing visitors about the site's use of cookies. It typically explains what cookies are, why they are used, and how they affect user privacy. It often includes options for users to consent to or manage cookie preferences, ensuring compliance with privacy laws like the GDPR and CCPA. The goal is to provide transparency and allow users to make informed decisions about their data.

= Do visitors now have to accept/refuse cookies in order to use websites? =
No, Only the ‘Necessary’ cookies will be loaded until the user gives consent. 

= Does this plugin stop cookies from being stored? =
Visitors can reject the category of cookies they don't want to be installed. In such cases, all cookies in that category will be blocked for the user.

But if another plugin adds scripts or places a cookie, we have no control. We have no way of knowing what plugins you use or how they work, so blocking/deleting cookies on a WordPress website/blog might possibly/probably break your site. Larger websites with substantial budgets may well invest in such technology, but this plugin aims to help you provide a certain level of compliance without taking drastic action.

= Does this plugin guarantee that I comply with GDPR? =
This plugin can be used to comply with the cookie consent requirements of major data privacy laws such as the GDPR. However, you need to assess your website's use of cookies to confirm that it aligns with GDPR guidelines. If you are seeking specialist legal advice regarding your website, we suggest that you consult a lawyer to understand how you can achieve full GDPR compliance.

= What is GDPR? =
GDPR, or the General Data Protection Regulation is a comprehensive data protection law in the EU aimed at safeguarding EU individuals' privacy and regulating how organizations handle their personal data. It is also known as DatenSchutz-Grundverordnung or DSGVO in German.

= What is CCPA? =
CCPA is the California Consumer Privacy Act, a law granting California residents more control over their personal information held by businesses. Businesses must be transparent, offer opt-out options, and ensure data security.

= What is GDPR cookie consent? =
GDPR requires websites to obtain explicit consent from users before storing or accessing cookies on their devices. This is known as GDPR cookie consent.

GDPR mandates cookie consent because cookies allow websites to collect data and track users across multiple sessions. Since this impacts user privacy, consent is required before enabling cookies, especially non-essential cookies like analytics, advertisements, etc.

= What is CCPA compliance? =
CCPA Compliance refers to adherence to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), a law designed to protect the privacy rights of California residents. It mandates that businesses handling the personal information of California residents provide certain rights and protections to those individuals. Compliance involves ensuring that businesses meet the CCPA's requirements regarding data collection and processing.

= Does the plugin block cookies before consent? =
Non-essential cookies are automatically blocked until explicit consent is given by users. Essential or strictly necessary cookies are allowed by default to ensure site functionality.

= Can I export or log user consent as per GDPR requirements? =
Yes, you can export a log of all user cookie consent and preferences related to cookies. This helps meet GDPR compliance needs.

= Can the plugin help me generate a GDPR-compliant cookie policy? =
Yes, we provide an easy wizard to customize and generate a GDPR-compliant cookie policy based on your scanned site cookies.

== Installation ==

= Automatic installation =

– Go to **Plugins** from your WordPress dashboard and select **Add New Plugin**.

– Search for “Conzent Cookie Banner” and **Install Now**.

– Click **Activate** to enable the plugin.

= Manual installation =

– Download the Conzent Cookie Banner plugin zip file from the WordPress.org page.

– Go to **Plugins** from your WordPress dashboard and select **Add New Plugin**.

– Click **Upload Plugin** and choose the downloaded zip file.

– Click **Install Now** and after installation, click **Activate Plugin**.

Alternatively, you can upload the zip using the FTP application. Extract the zip file and upload the folder to your **/wp-content/plugins/** directory. Once uploaded, activate the plugin from your WordPress dashboard.

= To connect the plugin to the Conzent web app: =


– After activating the plugin, it will automatically verify domain and setup adavanced setting from web app account.

= Plugin updates =

Every time we update the plugin, you will see a notification on the installed plugins page. You can directly update the plugin from the WordPress dashboard. We recommend keeping the plugin updated to avail new functionalities and security features.


== Screenshots ==

1. Cookie consent banner web setting on the user-end


== Changelog ==

= 1.0.4 =
* manually get website info by website key
* removed auto fetch website info

= 1.0.3 =
* fixed url issue

= 1.0.2 =
[Compatibility] – Tested OK with WordPress version 6.6
* Improved design & appearance


= 1.0.0 =
* First public release.

== Upgrade Notice ==

= 1.0.2 =

[Compatibility] – Tested OK with WordPress version 6.6

Commit message:

Added new readme text on 3rd partyt service and escaped code

README.md, after:

=== Conzent - Cookie Banner - Conzent CMP - Google CMP & IAB TCF Certified ===
Contributors: conzent
Donate link: https://conzent.net/ 
Tags: GDPR, CCPA, cookie notice, DSGVO, cookie consent, cookie banner, eu cookie law, conzent, eprivacy, gdpr consent
Requires at least: 5.0.0
Tested up to: 6.6
Requires PHP: 5.6
Stable tag: 1.0.7
License: GPLv3
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html

Easily set up cookie banner or cookie notice and cookie policy page for GDPR (DSGVO, RGPD) compliance. Also supports CCPA/CPRA and other major global laws.

== Description ==

Conzent CMP WordPress Cookie Banner and Cookie Policy generator. IAB/TCF and Google CMP Certified - Comply with the major data protection laws (GDPR, ePrivacy, CCPA, LGPD, etc.)

== 3rd. party services == 
When using the Conzent CMP Plugin you will communicate with our backend, where you will need to create an account. Its also here that you will make all layout, text and color changes. All your settings are placed in 2 seperate JSON files, that our script reads. That script uses your settings and configuration to handle the consent banner.
We do not send or recieve any personal information. the only thing we send is your domain name and the Website key that you enter in the plugin.
You can find our website here https://conzent.net and the privacy policy here: https://conzent.net/privacy/

We also make it easy for you to use Google Tag Manager. So the only thing you need to do is to copy the GTM-xxxxxx tag from your GTM Container and we insert the same script as Google would on your website. It cannot get any easier. Also we load GTM as soon as possible so that consent is secure.
For google see their website here https://tagmanager.google.com and their privacy policy here https://policies.google.com/privacy?gl=DK&hl=en-US

== Key Features == 

– **Automatic scanning**: Single-click automatic scanning and categorization of cookies.

– **Cookie auto-blocking**: Automatically block non-essential cookies to ensure GDPR compliance.

– **Cookie list**: This lets you display the list of cookies neatly in a table on your Privacy & Cookies Policy page by using a shortcode. You can also add new cookies manually, edit existing ones (CookieID, Category, Description, Script URL Pattern), and delete cookies as needed.

– **Preference center**: Offer a second layer of control through a preference center within the banner. Allow site visitors to provide granular consent for specific cookie categories, giving them the choice to opt in or opt-out.

– **Revisit consent button**: Visitors can either permanently dismiss the cookie banner or access it later through a revisit consent button, which can be tailored in terms of color and position.

– **Google Consent Mode support**: Implement Google Consent Mode v2 easily to keep ads effective.

– **Auto-translation**: Auto-translate the banner in 30+ languages as per the user’s browser language.

– **Integration with Conzent Web App**: Free connection with Conzent web app to access advanced features (cookie scan, consent log, etc.) and manage all settings from the web app account.



== Additional Features == 




== The Conzent GDPR Cookie Consent Plugin Uses The Following Cookie Only ==

– "conzentConsent" – Conzent sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on their subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information of the site visitors.


== Setup Guide ==

Our [WordPress cookie plugin user guide](https://conzent.net/installation-guide/#plugins "Help - Installation Guide") will help you set up the plugin on your website.


== Useful links ==

[Plugin FAQ](https://conzent.net/pricing/#faq)
[GDPR cookie consent](https://conzent.net/understanding-gdpr-in-a-nutshell/)
[Cookie Law](https://conzent.net/the-complete-guide-to-ccpa-compliance/)
[Cookie banner guide](https://conzent.net/the-complete-guide-to-cookie-banners/)

== Conzent Cookie banner plugin premium features ==

Access the following features by subscribing to a premium plan (Single, Pro, or Enterprise) on the Conzent web app account. [See all features and compare plans](https://conzent.net/pricing/)

&#9989; **Increased pageviews limit**: Increase your pageviews limit, extending from 100,000 to unlimited.
&#9989; **Enhanced scanning capacity**: Our tool can scan up to 8,000 pages in a single scan.
&#9989; **GDPR/US laws template**: Offer opt-in consent banner for GDPR and opt-out banner for US privacy laws such as CCPA/CPRA.
&#9989; **Global Privacy Control**: Respect the user’s GPC setting if enabled.
&#9989; **TCF v2.2 integration**: We seamlessly integrate with TCF v2.2, the IAB Europe Consent Framework for Publishers. Our registered CMP ID is 401.
&#9989; **Advanced customization**: Customize your banner with advanced design options such as custom CSS to suit your brand's identity.
&#9989; **Popup layout**: Add a cookie notification in the form of a ‘Popup’. 
&#9989; **Geo-targeting banner**: Target your cookie banner based on location, including GDPR banner for Worldwide, EU & UK, and Other countries, as well as CCPA/CPRA banner for Worldwide, United States, and Other countries. 
&#9989; **Scheduled scans**: Set up scans on a schedule that works for you. 
&#9989; **Custom branding**: Add your brand logo to the cookie banner for a personalized touch. 

= NOTE: INSTALLING THIS PLUGIN ALONE DOES NOT MAKE YOUR SITE GDPR AND CCPA COMPLIANT. SINCE EACH SITE USES DIFFERENT COOKIES, YOU NEED TO ENSURE YOU HAVE THE NECESSARY CONFIGURATIONS IN PLACE WITH A SUPPORTING COOKIE NOTICE. = 


== Frequently Asked Questions ==

= The cookie notice header doesn’t work on my browser =
Please report a bug on the support forum. Make sure to include the following information:

* Your URL (We need it to help you!)
* WordPress version (found in the bottom right-hand corner of the dashboard)
* Browser where the issue is observed (e.g., Firefox, Chrome, IE)
* Describe the problem. The more information you provide, the faster we can respond.


= What does this plugin do? =
This WordPress cookie plugin will:

* Add a cookie banner to the top/bottom of all pages on your website, notifying visitors that you have a clearly defined privacy and cookie policy.
* Allow you to record which cookies your site uses and neatly display a list of these cookies. You can add this list to your Privacy Policy page or Cookie Policy page using a shortcode.
Note: If you connect your site to the Conzent web app, you have to replace the shortcode with an HTML code.

= What is a cookie notice? =
A cookie notice, also known as a cookie banner, is a message informing visitors about the site's use of cookies. It typically explains what cookies are, why they are used, and how they affect user privacy. It often includes options for users to consent to or manage cookie preferences, ensuring compliance with privacy laws like the GDPR and CCPA. The goal is to provide transparency and allow users to make informed decisions about their data.

= Do visitors now have to accept/refuse cookies in order to use websites? =
No, Only the ‘Necessary’ cookies will be loaded until the user gives consent. 

= Does this plugin stop cookies from being stored? =
Visitors can reject the category of cookies they don't want to be installed. In such cases, all cookies in that category will be blocked for the user.

But if another plugin adds scripts or places a cookie, we have no control. We have no way of knowing what plugins you use or how they work, so blocking/deleting cookies on a WordPress website/blog might possibly/probably break your site. Larger websites with substantial budgets may well invest in such technology, but this plugin aims to help you provide a certain level of compliance without taking drastic action.

= Does this plugin guarantee that I comply with GDPR? =
This plugin can be used to comply with the cookie consent requirements of major data privacy laws such as the GDPR. However, you need to assess your website's use of cookies to confirm that it aligns with GDPR guidelines. If you are seeking specialist legal advice regarding your website, we suggest that you consult a lawyer to understand how you can achieve full GDPR compliance.

= What is GDPR? =
GDPR, or the General Data Protection Regulation is a comprehensive data protection law in the EU aimed at safeguarding EU individuals' privacy and regulating how organizations handle their personal data. It is also known as DatenSchutz-Grundverordnung or DSGVO in German.

= What is CCPA? =
CCPA is the California Consumer Privacy Act, a law granting California residents more control over their personal information held by businesses. Businesses must be transparent, offer opt-out options, and ensure data security.

= What is GDPR cookie consent? =
GDPR requires websites to obtain explicit consent from users before storing or accessing cookies on their devices. This is known as GDPR cookie consent.

GDPR mandates cookie consent because cookies allow websites to collect data and track users across multiple sessions. Since this impacts user privacy, consent is required before enabling cookies, especially non-essential cookies like analytics, advertisements, etc.

= What is CCPA compliance? =
CCPA Compliance refers to adherence to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), a law designed to protect the privacy rights of California residents. It mandates that businesses handling the personal information of California residents provide certain rights and protections to those individuals. Compliance involves ensuring that businesses meet the CCPA's requirements regarding data collection and processing.

= Does the plugin block cookies before consent? =
Non-essential cookies are automatically blocked until explicit consent is given by users. Essential or strictly necessary cookies are allowed by default to ensure site functionality.

= Can I export or log user consent as per GDPR requirements? =
Yes, you can export a log of all user cookie consent and preferences related to cookies. This helps meet GDPR compliance needs.

= Can the plugin help me generate a GDPR-compliant cookie policy? =
Yes, we provide an easy wizard to customize and generate a GDPR-compliant cookie policy based on your scanned site cookies.

== Installation ==

= Automatic installation =

– Go to **Plugins** from your WordPress dashboard and select **Add New Plugin**.

– Search for “Conzent Cookie Banner” and **Install Now**.

– Click **Activate** to enable the plugin.

= Manual installation =

– Download the Conzent Cookie Banner plugin zip file from the WordPress.org page.

– Go to **Plugins** from your WordPress dashboard and select **Add New Plugin**.

– Click **Upload Plugin** and choose the downloaded zip file.

– Click **Install Now** and after installation, click **Activate Plugin**.

Alternatively, you can upload the zip using the FTP application. Extract the zip file and upload the folder to your **/wp-content/plugins/** directory. Once uploaded, activate the plugin from your WordPress dashboard.

= To connect the plugin to the Conzent web app: =


– After activating the plugin, it will automatically verify domain and setup adavanced setting from web app account.

= Plugin updates =

Every time we update the plugin, you will see a notification on the installed plugins page. You can directly update the plugin from the WordPress dashboard. We recommend keeping the plugin updated to avail new functionalities and security features.


== Screenshots ==

1. Cookie consent banner web setting on the user-end


== Changelog ==
= 1.0.7 =
* Fixed WP escaping

= 1.0.6 =
* Fixed encoding

= 1.0.5 =
* Edited the readme with clarification to the 3rd.party services

= 1.0.4 =
* manually get website info by website key
* removed auto fetch website info

= 1.0.3 =
* fixed url issue

= 1.0.2 =
[Compatibility] – Tested OK with WordPress version 6.6
* Improved design & appearance


= 1.0.0 =
* First public release.

== Upgrade Notice ==

= 1.0.2 =

[Compatibility] – Tested OK with WordPress version 6.6
